README.md, before:

This is a fork of https://github.com/sukima/vim-tiddlywiki

Go read that README if you want more info on the base.

### Changes in fork:

* Removed `created` and `modifier` fields on tiddler initialization
** A single-user wiki does not set these fields, so let's stay consistent
* Added support for setting journal tags through a global variable
** Allow you to seed it the same as what's in the Tiddlywiki preferences if you have a tagging archive strategy
* 🌈 RAINBOW HEADERS (but you need the TokyoNight theme currently, because... stuff)
* Slightly better colors for dark theme usage


## Provided Commands

* `TiddlyWikiUpdateMetadata` : Update the 'modifier' and 'modified' fields in the current tiddler's metadata.
* `TiddlyWikiInitializeTemplate` : Insert tiddler metadata (timestamps, creator / modifier / title) at the top of the file
* `TiddlyWikiEditTiddler <name>` : Open the tiddler with that name (without '.tid' extension) or create it if it doesn't exist.
* `TiddlyWikiEditJournal` : Open the journal tiddler for today or create it if it doesn't exist
* `TiddlyWikiOpenLink` : Open the link under the cursor
* `TiddlyWikiInsertLink <name>` : Insert a link to the given tiddler at the cursor position.

The `...Edit...` and `...InsertLink` commands look for tiddlers in the following locations (in that order):
* If `g:tiddlywiki_dir` is set:
  * `g:tiddlywiki_dir/`
  * `g:tiddlywiki_dir/tiddlers/`
* Otherwise:
  * `./`
  * `./tiddlers/`
  * `~/wiki/`
  * `~/wiki/tiddlers/`

The `TiddlyWikiEditTiddler` and `TiddlyWikiInsertLink` commands have completion for the tiddler name.
In addition, if you call them without arguments and have [fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf)
installed, you will get extra fancy completion.

## Completion

The plugin contains a first user completion function that can be invoked in 
insert mode via `<C-X><C-U>`. It can complete WikiWords and bracket `[[Links]]`
(as long as both leading brackets are there). It is still rather rudimentary,
but should still make things a lot easier.

## Default Mappings

```
nmap <Leader>tm :TiddlyWikiUpdateMetadata<Cr>
nmap <Leader>tt :TiddlyWikiInitializeTemplate<Cr>
nmap <Leader>te :TiddlyWikiEditTiddler<Space>
nmap <Leader>tE :vsplit<cr>:TiddlyWikiEditTiddler<Space>
nmap <Leader>tj :TiddlyWikiEditJournal<Cr>
nmap <Leader>tJ :vsplit<cr>:TiddlyWikiEditJournal<Cr>
nmap <Leader>to :TiddlyWikiOpenLink<Cr>
nmap <Leader>tl :TiddlyWikiInsertLink<Space>
```

## Configuration

```
" Explicitly set the username of the tiddler 'creator' and 'modifier'
" If not set, this defaults to `$USER` or `$LOGNAME` (in that order)
let g:tiddlywiki_author = 'thisisme'

" Specify the location of your tiddlers. The subdir "tiddlers" is appended 
" automatically if required.
let g:tiddlywiki_dir = '~/docs/notes/wiki'

" Set the date format to use for journal tiddlers, as in the format string of date(1).
" This does not have to be at 'day' granularity - you can also use 
" months / weeks / hours / whatever makes sense to you.
" Defaults to '%F' (ISO date = yyyy-mm-dd)
let g:tiddlywiki_journal_format = '%A, %F (Week %V)'

" Disable the default mappings
let g:tiddlywiki_no_mappings=1

" Automatically update tiddler metadata ('modified' timestamp, 'modifier' 
" username) on write
let g:tiddlywiki_autoupdate=1

" Set default tags for journal entries with a space separated string
let g:tiddlywiki_journal_tags = "Journal J2022"
```

Commit message:

allow date modification to journal entry commands to allow easy today/tomorrow opening, revert readme and move changes to new document

README.md, after:

> # Changes
> 
> To see how this fork deviates from [sukima/vim-tiddlywiki](https://github.com/sukima/vim-tiddlywiki) review `CHANGES.md`.

---

This is a fork of http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2705

For people who like the TiddlyWiki formatting syntax.

http://tiddlywiki.org/wiki/TiddlyWiki_Markup

It has since been highly customized and updated.

This plugin provides syntax highlighting for tiddlywiki files (`*.tid`) as well
as some helpers for editing TiddlyWiki files. It is probably best used in 
conjunction with [TiddlyWiki Bob](https://github.com/OokTech/TW5-Bob), since it 
is designed to smoothly handle tiddlers being changed both via TiddlyWiki as
well as directly on the file system.


# Usage


## Provided Commands

* `TiddlyWikiUpdateMetadata` : Update the 'modifier' and 'modified' fields in the current tiddler's metadata.
* `TiddlyWikiInitializeTemplate` : Insert tiddler metadata (timestamps, creator / modifier / title) at the top of the file
* `TiddlyWikiEditTiddler <name>` : Open the tiddler with that name (without '.tid' extension) or create it if it doesn't exist.
* `TiddlyWikiEditJournal` : Open the journal tiddler for today or create it if it doesn't exist
* `TiddlyWikiOpenLink` : Open the link under the cursor
* `TiddlyWikiInsertLink <name>` : Insert a link to the given tiddler at the cursor position.

The `...Edit...` and `...InsertLink` commands look for tiddlers in the following locations (in that order):
* If `g:tiddlywiki_dir` is set:
  * `g:tiddlywiki_dir/`
  * `g:tiddlywiki_dir/tiddlers/`
* Otherwise:
  * `./`
  * `./tiddlers/`
  * `~/wiki/`
  * `~/wiki/tiddlers/`

The `TiddlyWikiEditTiddler` and `TiddlyWikiInsertLink` commands have completion for the tiddler name.
In addition, if you call them without arguments and have [fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf)
installed, you will get extra fancy completion.


## Completion

The plugin contains a first user completion function that can be invoked in 
insert mode via `<C-X><C-U>`. It can complete WikiWords and bracket `[[Links]]`
(as long as both leading brackets are there). It is still rather rudimentary,
but should still make things a lot easier.


## Default Mappings

```
nmap <Leader>tm :TiddlyWikiUpdateMetadata<Cr>
nmap <Leader>tt :TiddlyWikiInitializeTemplate<Cr>
nmap <Leader>te :TiddlyWikiEditTiddler<Space>
nmap <Leader>tE :vsplit<cr>:TiddlyWikiEditTiddler<Space>
nmap <Leader>tj :TiddlyWikiEditJournal<Cr>
nmap <Leader>tJ :vsplit<cr>:TiddlyWikiEditJournal<Cr>
nmap <Leader>to :TiddlyWikiOpenLink<Cr>
nmap <Leader>tl :TiddlyWikiInsertLink<Space>
```


## Configuration

```
" Explicitly set the username of the tiddler 'creator' and 'modifier'
" If not set, this defaults to `$USER` or `$LOGNAME` (in that order)
let g:tiddlywiki_author = 'thisisme'

" Specify the location of your tiddlers. The subdir "tiddlers" is appended 
" automatically if required.
let g:tiddlywiki_dir = '~/docs/notes/wiki'

" Set the date format to use for journal tiddlers, as in the format string of date(1).
" This does not have to be at 'day' granularity - you can also use 
" months / weeks / hours / whatever makes sense to you.
" Defaults to '%F' (ISO date = yyyy-mm-dd)
let g:tiddlywiki_journal_format = '%A, %F (Week %V)'

" Disable the default mappings
let g:tiddlywiki_no_mappings=1

" Automatically update tiddler metadata ('modified' timestamp, 'modifier' 
" username) on write
let g:tiddlywiki_autoupdate=1
```
